adding release notes for golang 0.1.20 (#6259)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/feature-flags.md

### Golang SDK

#### Version 0.1.20

>  - This update optimises the evaluation logic to be more efficient. (FFM-11183)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Optimized the evaluation logic to be more efficient. (FFM-11183)
```

#### Version 0.1.19

>  - We've added additional debug logging around evaluation logic. (FFM-11091)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 - Added additional debug logging around evaluation logic. (FFM-11091)
```
